What's the best way to get enchanted
golden apples? You're probably saying
trial chambers because an ominous vault
has the highest chance of giving you a
notch apple in the game. But that
doesn't actually mean that trial
chambers are the best way. So to find
out the best way, I raided both trial
chambers and ancient cities as fast as I
possibly could. Trial chambers took me
about 20 minutes to complete since you
have to kill tons of mobs to get vault
keys. But ancient cities are way faster
because you can just fly from chest to
chest and loot the ancient city in about
4 minutes. And if you fly from chest to
chest, you don't have to worry about
wardens since you leave them behind
outside of tracking distance.
Additionally, I calculated the average
amount of notch apples per structure and
found that trial chambers give you an
average of just above one notchapple per
structure and ancient cities give almost
three per structure. So ancient cities
must be the winner, right? Well, not
exactly because trial chambers are
everywhere and ancient cities are super
rare. So if you're using something like
chunk base to locate structures, then
ancient cities are way better. But if
you're finding them completely legit,
trial chambers might be faster because
of the lack of travel